The boiler suddenly
broke down Saturday morning.
Someone might have tampered with it.
So, you called a repair service.
Yes. They were supposed to come on Sunday.
They never showed up.
They claimed there had been a mistake.
They called the next day and told me
they'd be able to come that day.
It was such short notice.
Being at work,
I couldn't be present at home.
I'm Kazumi Shima of No.4 MIU.
I went to her home instead.
-What?
-It was an accident.
I wasn't with the worker for a while.
Maybe about five minutes.
The bug was probably
placed during that time.
Did you not notice anything?
No.
I did not.
Captain.
You should relocate Yutaka and Hamu-chan.
-I'll book a room.
-Yes.
Wait.
Seeing how elementary the bug setup is,
it's unlikely that
the person knows who I am.
It was neither me nor the police
that was targeted.
It was Mugi Hano.
She once supplied information
to the police about an illegal casino.
As a result, the Tatsui gang
and a man named Etori are after her.
She needs to stay somewhere safe.
We're going to an apartment
where only police officers live.
We'll stay there.
And this house?
We'll come back here
when we know it's safe.
-You okay?
-Yes.
Yutaka. Catch.
Okay. I'm closing the door.
Melon Bread-mobile is now departing.
Hey, Shima.
You're going to worry Yutaka
if you keep looking like that.
Let's go.
Morning.
Morning!
Schwing!
TWO MONTHS LATER
Schwing.
-Let's go.
Good thing they moved
before summer vacation.
He got to play with his new friends
before classes resumed.
If school had already resumed,
Yutaka would've struggled.
Two months since the incident,
we still have nothing on Etori.
We haven't got a clue.
You left the repair guy to answer my call.
It's not your fault.
You called me concerning Kosaka's death,
which I allowed to happen, so it is on me.
-"On you?"
-Yes. I'm saying I am responsible…
Would you stop blaming yourself like that?
-Everything's your fault. Happy?
-What?
The hot summer, this bug-infested truck.
It's all your fault.
The truck being green is the cause.
-It's your fault that it's green.
-It's referring to melon bread.
Melon bread is yellow.
Expensive ones are green.
Why are we fighting?
Fun, huh?
MPD to all stations. Possible corpse
discovered in Hachioji Minami.
Corpse?
Address: Takayama-cho 946.
Any cars in the area?
MIU 404, heading
from Takao Kita-machi. Over.
Roger.
What letter is this?
I don't think it's Japanese.
Adult male, short, in his 20s to 40s.
Died at least a month ago.
Apparent stab wounds. At least five.
How about his hands?
Fingers are cut off.
A yakuza punishment?
His pinkie is still there.
Index, middle and ring fingers are gone.
On both hands.
Is the victim Christian?
Off limits. Step back.
-Those guys again?
-Who?
A channel called Nightcrawler on NowTube.
We deliver news faster
than any news program or newspaper.
We deliver the truth.
There are now more
than 400 thousand subscribers.
Part-time cameramen
follow ambulances and police cars.
Hey. Move it. Out of my way.
Hey.
I saw you with the son
of the Director General the other day.
Hello. Ibuki of MIU. I'm Shima's partner.
Really?
It's been a while.
I'm surprised you're still a cop.
You don't know what happened to Kosaka.
Forget it. Don't get into it.
Mr. Kariya.
Yes.
I've no time for you guys.
I'm Kariya of First Investigation.
From this point on,
we're in charge of this case.
-Why is he so loud?
-Beats me.
Report directly to me and not to MIU.
He's not a pleasant person.
No need for an initial investigation?
This isn't an isolated case.
Huh?
It's an unsolved serial murder case.
The corpse found
20 years ago on a beach in Chiba.
The corpse found 15 years ago
in a park in Arakawa Ward.
Both had multiple
stab wounds on the chest.
All fingers except the thumb
and pinkie of both hands were cut off.
The methods are identical.
The Chinese character "sho" means "beast."
We've kept the info of the character
and fingers confidential.
Only the perp knows this.
The victim this time was
Shinya Horiuchi, age 41.
A small-time hoodlum with two convictions.
-What a discovery.
-Quiet.
Since the murder…
We're so good.
… no search request had been requested.
Horiuchi is from Ibaraki like me.
Be quiet back there.
You're dismissed.
Let's beat them all to the perp.
Stop.
Why do you think you're here?
Because we're good?
Is he stupid?
-I can't deny that.
-Why not?
MIU is here to support us.
You're our gofers.
Our footmen. Understand?
Footmen? Do we still use that word?
Just shut your mouth.
He lives in the past.
I heard that. Move it.
Where are we?
Unnatural Death Investigation Lab.
Also known as UDI.
A semi-governmental forensics center.
Urgent autopsies are often done here.
UDI LABORATORY
This is exciting.
Okay, let's go.
-Wait here.
-What?
The autopsy takes five hours.
We'll go with you.
You'll only drag us down.
Stay here, footmen.
Old fart.
What's his problem?
We'll take a nap.
They left their stuff.
There are documents in here. Excellent.
Make sure they don't find out.
Roger… Hargreaves.
Melon bread.
Pistachio, original, blueberry.
"After reflecting on the matter…"
-Yes?
-One melon bread, please.
How much is it?
There's no melon bread.
This is a police car.
You're kidding. What?
This is a police car?
I thought they were black and white.
We're here for an autopsy.
-No pistachio?
-MPD, No.4 MIU.
What?
Why the truck?
It used to be a stakeout vehicle.
-Just one.
-We've none.
Pistachio.
-No pistachio.
-You, there…
Shima.
Excuse me.
-You sure?
-Yes.
-What?
-We're so good.
What?
Horiuchi was first caught in Ibaraki.
The cop in charge of the case was…
Shigeo Gamagori.
Gama… your mentor?
Yes. Gama-san.
It tastes like melon bread in my mouth.
Yes.
Hello?
Where are you?
I'll be right there.
You turd.
Hey, don't say "turd."
1,000 yen each time you say it.
GAMAGORI
Gama-san. Hello.
Hey, Mr. Huong.
Pleased to meet you. I'm Kazumi Shima.
-How are you?
-I'll bring some tea.
-Let me do that.
-What?
How are your legs? I saw that.
Oh, that belonged to my wife.
I can't bring myself to throw it away.
Have a seat.
-Thank you.
-See you.
Gama-san. Thank you.
Give your family and
your fiancée my very best.
Come visit us some day.
Yes.
Goodbye.
Take care.
He's going back to Vietnam.
He finally saved enough
to pay back his debt.
He's getting married with his girlfriend.
Good for him.
I wonder if Mai is well in Okinawa.
Thank you.
-You're a volunteer?
-Yes.
Will you have a new buddy?
I think I'll stop now.
What? Really?
My brain and body are getting quite old.
Come on. You're still young.
Thanks for the tea.
I've been having brain fog.
I haven't been able to remember
Reiko's smile for a while now.
So, you had some questions to ask?
ARREST RECORD
Yes, I remember Horiuchi.
He was a friendly guy.
During questioning of the assault case,
he cried and swore
that he'd never do it again.
He served two years for it.
Then he stole at his new job
and disappeared.
Then he gets arrested again for
assault and attempted rape.
He gets five years for that.
Why would he recommit?
He was timid but short-tempered.
Horiuchi last worked
at a pachinko parlor in Nakano.
He got fired for fighting at work.
Pachinko parlor?
Did Horiuchi have gambling problems?
As a matter of fact,
gambling did get him in trouble.
He got in trouble with…
I can't remember.
Gama-san. You were about
to make a crucial statement.
Right?
Come on. You can do it.
He's not just getting forgetful.
What?
I saw his meds.
It's what my uncle used to take.
What was wrong with your uncle?
Vascular dementia.
It's dementia caused by a series
of minor cerebral infarctions.
Is it curable?
I'd say it's 50-50.
Any immediate family?
His wife died from an illness,
and they had no kids.
I see.
If symptoms progress,
he won't be able to live alone.
He'd have to enter a facility.
We see vital response on the sections
where the fingers had been cut off.
The fingers were removed
while he was alive.
First suspect is Satoshi Suganuma, age 55.
He works at the pachinko parlor
where Horiuchi worked.
Horiuchi was fired
for fighting with this guy.
The first corpse was discovered
in Chiba 20 years ago.
Suganuma was 35 at the time,
and he also lived in Chiba.
Second suspect: Tomoaki Minegishi, age 34.
Used car dealer.
Horiuchi sold off one of his cars,
which got them in a dispute.
But he was 14 and lived in Sendai
when the first murder took place.
Yes.
Hey, sit down.
Horiuchi was timid but short-tempered.
Perhaps he had a beef with Minegishi
and sold his car out of spite.
Maybe that upset Minegishi
and drove him to kill Horiuchi.
-How do you know his personality?
-I got it from Gama-san.
-Gama?
-You don't know him?
Ibaraki's finest detective.
He's an ex-Ibaraki Police detective,
who had worked on Horiuchi's case.
-Yup.
-His memory's a bit hazy…
No. I'm certain that Gama-san will…
remember something important.
In that case,
get that information first.
-EP and meth don't go well together.
-You want to try?
-You have some?
-Yes. 4,000 yen.
4,000 yen?
Here.
All right.
-You're doing it now?
-Of course.
I've got to get going.
Can I get this week's pay?
Give me a minute.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Sign this.
PROOF OF PAYMENT
Who's she?
Your type?
No, she looks familiar.
Tell me what you know.
What?
There's a 10 million prize
to anyone who catches her.
Here, Hamu-chan.
-What is it?
-Miyako manju from Hachioji.
Thank you.
-Shima.
-Hey, there you are.
-You want to come in?
-Yes.
We're on duty.
Otherwise, why come with him?
-He says that but he adores me in reality.
-He wishes.
Shima.
Did you catch the bad guy?
I'll punch him.
We're investigating the case.
-Wait a bit longer.
-Are you sure?
I promise.
Hey, fix my Rube Goldberg machine.
It broke.
What?
Come on.
I'll be right back.
All right.
How did it break?
He wouldn't have had to leave home,
if it wasn't for me.
You know it's not your fault.
But…
I can't do this to them any longer.
Yutaka's still a little boy.
I got him involved.
You want to live with me?
I've a mentor named Gama-san.
He's living alone, and I worry about him.
I'm thinking about living with him.
His memory's getting a bit fuzzy.
But he's an ex-cop,
so he can still be reliable.
I work at MIU,
I don't work two out of four days.
I can be with you guys.
Wait.
Is this a great idea or what?
Watch.
RUBE GOLDBERG MACHINE
It worked.
Try fixing it yourself next time.
You can do it.
Hello.
Yes, this is Shima.
U…?
Yes, the laboratory.
I'm Kamikura, the director at UDI.
Please.
We're totally at a loss.
Mr. Kariya of First Investigation
and our coroner aren't getting along.
Kariya is very impolite.
We apologize.
Coroner Nakado is also rude
in every possible way.
They're going at each other
like two monsters.
Was there a problem in the analysis?
Everything on
the autopsy report is accurate.
In fact, it's us
that's being rather meddlesome.
Nakado gets extremely motivated
when he works on a serial murder case.
A serial murder case nerd?
Something like that.
He got the autopsy reports
of the previous two cases on his own,
and he discovered something bizarre.
In previous cases and in this case,
three fingers are removed from each hand.
But Nakado claims
the methods aren't the same.
-Methods?
-The points of incision.
In case of Horiuchi, he was seated.
His hands were tied
when his fingers were cut off.
So, they were cut off like this.
Explain.
There were signs of excoriation
on his wrists and crooks of elbows.
In previous cases, they're on the back
and dorsal side of the hands.
They were probably on their back
when their fingers were removed.
Something like this.
The methods aren't exactly the same.
Hence, this is an isolated case?
What did she do?
She went to tell Mameji.
It's a big case, so it'd take a lot to
change their investigative approach.
This is Fukuoka udon.
That looks delicious. Thanks.
I find Fukuoka udon too soft.
It's not soft. It's chewy.
If you can't even tell the difference,
please shut up.
Sorry.
Thanks.
The fingers remind me
of the persecution of Christians.
What?
I went on a school trip
to Nagasaki when I was a kid.
The shogunate's persecution
of Christians is a well-known fact.
Oh, yes. Who's that guy?
Ramen Yaro, no…
Ramen Jiro…
-Amakusa Shiro.
-Yes!
10 years before he led
the Shimabara Rebellion,
Christians were massacred in Unzen.
There were various torture methods.
One of them was cutting off
three fingers from each hand.
It was meant to show
that the person was not human.
But it's just a legend.
Each corpse had a plate
that read "beast" in Chinese.
What if it is an isolated case?
Minegishi would become our prime suspect.
He was 14 at the time of the first case.
That would become irrelevant.
And his motive?
He got his car sold without him knowing.
Would he go that far just for that?
Perhaps he had another reason?
You guys think everything's a joke, huh?
Where's your idiot partner?
He finished his shift and went home.
Also, he is stupid, but then he isn't.
Don't you have anything better to do?
I heard you proposed
this isn't a serial murder case.
We must report the truth as it is.
Keeping information to yourself
to get ahead of others.
That's what you always did
at First Investigation.
I apologize for how I behaved back then.
What's on your mind this time?
I'm being frank.
Stop getting in our way.
Okay.
Just do what you're told.
May I breathe?
I told you not to get funny
with me like that.
I wouldn't rely on Gamagori either.
Gama-san?
Did you visit him?
Yes.
After studying his past record.
What? Kariya came here?
He wanted me to tell him
everything I told Shima.
-He asked me about Horiuchi.
-Thank you.
He's so persistent.
He's a good detective.
It was a waste of time.
He's just a dotard.
I guess you noticed
his symptoms of dementia.
What?
It was an accident.
An accident caused his memory loss.
Accident?
Cheers.
Wow. It's so good.
Say, were you able to recall anything
on Horiuchi's gambling problem?
Gamble? Horiuchi?
He was into boat racing.
Was it bicycle racing?
Gama-san.
I've a proposition.
You want to live with me?
-What?
-We could find a small house somewhere.
Yes.
Also, there's this girl named Mugi.
Maybe the three of us can live together.
Well…
I have this house…
and Reiko.
If you want, we could move in here.
What would Reiko say to that?
But Reiko passed away from an illness.
Really?
HACHIOJI HIT-AND-RUN INCIDENT
INVESTIGATIVE REPORT
"The husband was
also involved in the accident."
"Has executive brain dysfunction
due to external injuries."
I'm not asking you to forget about Reiko.
The memories are important.
But you have to think
about the life ahead of you.
SUSPECTED PAINT FROM THE CAR
Mr. Kariya. That's the guy from MIU.
Excuse me.
Welcome.
Buy? Sell? Repair?
It's about the accident.
Who are you?
You. Get over here.
It's my day off,
and I was just passing by.
Stop acting dumb.
I told you not to interfere.
I'm investigating a different case.
What?
I need your cooperation.
You can take the credit.
Nothing special…
SHIMA
What? Isn't this
your first time calling me?
I need to see you.
What are we buddies?
Brought you a gift.
Thank you. Wow.
Look at this.
Are we day drinkers?
I thought we weren't
going to meet on days off.
What? You couldn't resist?
-You like me so much.
-You're moving?
-Don't ignore me.
-What's the occasion?
I was looking for
an apartment for three people.
-Three?
-Hamu-chan and Gama-san.
Hamu-chan's concerned.
She thinks she's being a burden
on the captain and Yutaka.
On the other hand, I live alone.
If things go well,
something romantic could ignite
between Hamu-chan and me.
Clearly an ulterior motive.
I'm just joking.
Putting that aside,
Hamu and Gama both live alone.
We could live happily together.
Right?
Okay, cheers. Happy you came. Welcome.
-Ibuki, you're…
-Stupid, right?
What?
such a nice guy.
Is there a hidden camera?
Maybe you've a crush on Hamu,
but Gama-san is a stranger to you.
He's not a stranger.
-He's my mentor.
-Right.
He was the only guy
who trusted you when nobody did. Right?
I was a student in Ibaraki.
My family was poor.
I'd get blamed for everything
and get disrespected.
So I acted tough in school
and on the streets.
-I had to.
-You haven't changed.
I was completely different.
I was depraved.
I was totally depraved.
Ibuki!
One day, a guy picked a fight with me,
and I got arrested for retaliating.
Once again, it was my fault.
Do you know the paperwork required
to take one kid into custody?
It's not my business.
I'm not done with you.
-What?
-Come with me.
It's not like I want to fight.
-People mess with me.
-If you fight, that's assault.
So I'm supposed to die
if someone tries to kill me?
That's legitimate self-defense.
It could become excessive self-defense.
I don't buy that.
My encounter with Gama-san…
gave me direction.
It made me want to become a detective.
My teacher laughed at the idea,
but Gama-san
encouraged me that I could do it.
He said I was cut out for the job.
I had finally found my path.
Had I not met Gama-san,
I would've become a hoodlum,
then a gangster, and then arrested by you.
What is it, Shima?
What?
You want to tell me something.
That's why you're here.
-Good instinct.
-Stop teasing me.
Sometimes you make good use of it,
other times you make no use of it.
In retrospect, when you make no use of it,
you're always bottling up your emotions.
Emotional bias.
Here we go again. You love that word.
I thought you didn't believe
in instinct anyway.
I changed my mind.
You have great vision,
hearing, and sense of smell.
Your brain registers a lot of info.
Huh?
But you've a lack
of thinking skills and vocab,
so you can't give a logical explanation.
Verbalizing isn't your forte.
Hence, you act like a fool shouting,
"I've got a hunch."
Is that a compliment?
Is that your analysis?
Potato chips.
What does your gut tell you right now?
Your bottled-up instincts due
to your past and your emotions.
What are they telling you?
What is this?
I'm not following.
I've been curious from the start.
The walker of
Gama-san's wife in his house.
I could see the frames
had been bent with enormous force.
Didn't you notice it?
His wife passed this April.
Did you meet him then?
Weren't you too busy
with your new work at MIU?
Later, he told you
she died from an illness,
but you couldn't ask
him the details, right?
She died in a traffic accident.
It happened in front of his house.
The perp is still at large.
Gama-san injured his head in the accident.
He claims that he remembers
nothing of the accident.
He was diagnosed with
executive brain dysfunction.
His medicine is also used
for treating dementia.
I see.
So, that's why his memory is fuzzy.
Do you really think
he suffered memory loss?
Car paint was discovered
at the site of the accident.
Minegishi's car
that Horiuchi was borrowing.
Hold on.
I compared the paint at the site
with that of this car type.
It was a match.
Hold it, hold it. Even if so…
Horiuchi didn't sell the car.
He scrapped it to cover up the accident.
That's all your imagination.
There is motive for him to commit murder.
Yeah, but still!
Gama-san is a detective.
Okay?
This is my favorite.
It's her, after growing old with me.
Wow.
Why did you want to see her photo?
Reiko was so kind.
She would often tell me
about the Christian value of forgiveness.
In Italy, larcenists get released quickly.
As they struggle to survive,
they inevitably steal.
No one is sinful at birth.
We arrest perpetrators
to stop them from doing evil.
Convicts do their time
and atone for their sins.
They receive forgiveness in this way.
I embraced this idea as a detective.
Reiko didn't die from an illness.
She died in an accident, right?
You remember nothing
of the accident or the perp.
Isn't that right?
You forgot everything
due to the head injury, right?
I wanted to live leisurely
with my wife after retirement.
So I bought this house near a hospital.
We didn't have any kids.
That must have been tough for her.
I wanted to make up to her.
We lived here for about three years.
Those were great times.
Horiuchi called me
after he got out of prison.
I'm no longer a cop. If you need help,
call Kimura of Community Affairs.
You're going to forsake me?
You're just like everyone else.
Horiuchi.
Haven't you learned anything in prison…?
Who was that?
He's not a bad guy but…
You won't help him?
I've the right to live the rest
of my life not as a cop.
You're right.
Finally.
Look. This is a volunteer service
to support foreign workers.
Interested?
It could broaden your horizon.
-What language do we speak in?
-Apparently, English.
I can't speak English.
Reiko.
No!
I woke up a week later.
I couldn't remember anything.
You're recovering well.
Um…
Where's my wife?
Why doesn't my wife Reiko visit me?
But my brain did a good job.
I couldn't quite remember,
but my brain hung in there.
No!
Thanks to that,
I eventually recalled that day.
Reiko.
Reiko would never smile again.
Why didn't you notify the police?
There was physical evidence,
but there was no witness.
It'd be involuntary manslaughter.
But that was murder.
My wife, who wished
to forgive the sinner, was murdered.
In need of salvation,
I opened this book.
LESSONS FROM THE CHRISTIAN MARTYRS
ETHOS AND TEACHINGS
The persecuted Christians had
their three fingers removed.
Like the corpses I had seen in the past.
The character "beast" written on a plate.
The victims were murdered
as if to symbolize beasts.
The perp was never captured.
Today, I know what he was thinking.
An executioner has a conscience too.
I didn't mean to kill her.
I just wanted to scare you.
That's all.
You were arrested twice.
You did your time twice.
You had chances to start over.
You were forgiven twice.
And you still want to be forgiven?
Am I supposed to forgive you?
Forgive me.
Aren't you a cop?
Reiko would probably forgive you.
He screamed many times
asking for forgiveness.
I answered him each time.
"I will not."
"I will not forgive you."
"I will not forgive you,
even if it denies my career as a cop."
I…
became a cop thanks to you.
I wanted to be a cop like you.
I'm going to be like you.
You served your entire career
getting kids like me back on track.
You taught me that anybody can start over.
When could I have stopped you?
At which point could I have done so?
What should I have done?
Tell me, Gama-san.
Mr. Shima.
And the rest of you too.
You're there aren't you, listening?
I won't run or hide.
I killed Horiuchi.
I won't turn myself in. Arrest me.
-Come on…
-Execute me.
Gama-san…
Locking up and feeding
a guy like me is a waste of tax money.
Let's go.
Sorry I couldn't go there with you.
Hey, Gama-san.
I killed him in the bath.
The weapon is in the bathroom cabinet.
Search as you wish.
I've found the weapon.
Gama-san.
Shigeo Gamagori.
17:13 p.m.
Hey…
You're under arrest for the murder
of Horiuchi and desertion of his body.
Wait. Gama-san.
Gama-san.
Maybe I can become a cop.
You can do it.
You're cut out for it.
Please step back.
Gama-san.
You shouldn't have killed
under any circumstance.
For the sake of all cops…
and Ibuki.
Please tell Ibuki.
There was nothing he could've done.
Nothing.
MPD to all stations…
I'LL CONSIDER THE THREE OF US
LIVING TOGETHER. THANKS.
The break is over.
Time to get to work.
We've got a covert op until 9:00 a.m.
You're going to make me go alone?
Come on.
Partner.
It's a simultaneous house search
in the break-in case.
Piss off Mr. Etori,
and you'll float in the Dotonbori River.
They might've found Mugi Hano.
There will be many victims again.
Do it.
Let's go.
We can make it.
It's you?